ABBY LEE MILLER:
Previously on "Dance Moms."
I need to win, that's why
you guys are here.
I want to make a strong team,
and I want to make a strong team
with the people that I trust.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I get reports
that you're kissing
some guy backstage
before you go on to compete?
I hope that was a rumor.
What was that we just saw?
You're kidding me!
In first place, Bad Girls.
And how old are you, double chin?
Watch your ugly mouth.
Vicky, you have to go.
I don't want you to hear
rumors, blah blah blah,
but I am looking for property in LA.
Coming up on "Dance Moms."
We're starting a new ball game.
This is our opportunity
to build and get strong.
The Dream Team is here.
Abby's in LA.
I just want to be one of the
first studios in Pittsburgh
to bring this to the students.
Believe it or not,
there's a lot of personalities
like Abby in LA.
Drag Queens.
Show Anthony, show myself
what you've got to offer.
Oh [bleep].
Put your mouth on vacation.
[interposing voices]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Get up, get on the floor.
My world is with my girls
living on the dance floor.
[music playing]
John, what about the neighborhood?
I don't miss those kids
back in Pittsburgh at all.
They better be in that
studio working with Gianna
and the rest of my staff--
Long lunge again, two arms up
in high fifth, shoulders down.
Now my friend John and I
are looking for property.
I want to open a studio
here in California.
Hello.
How are you?
Good, how are you?
Fine, thanks.
My name is Abby Lee--
Sasha.
We just want to take a look at the space.
OK, sure.
I'll give you a walk around.
This is our pole studio.
Oh, my God, there's poles.
They're poles.
There are eight poles.
I'm looking for space
without any poles or columns.
Oh, my goodness.
Kelly would probably
make the best stripper,
because A, she started out as a dancer,
B, she failed at being a
dancer, and C, she's always
taking her clothes off.
I just had a structural engineer
come to check out my roof
to put this up.
Yes.
I just want to be one of the
first studios in Pittsburgh
to bring this to the students
so that they're multifaceted,
because this is the next step.
More and more often you
see silks, and hammocks,
and lires in all the
award shows, and videos,
and every cirque show.
So when I see silks, I get excited.
I think the more training a dancer has,
the more opportunities
will become available.
I'm having silks installed
in my dance studio.
I love the space up here,
I think I'll definitely be back.
It might not be to teach
other children though.
Maybe I'll just come
back to learn some moves.
Yes, good.
Seeing all these dance
studios in Los Angeles
really has me thinking
about making the big move.
Who knows?
Maybe I'll be here permanently.
I'm pretty sure that Maddie
and Mackenzie would follow me
right here to California but I'm not
so sure about those other kids.
[music playing]
CATHY: Hey, guys.
Hey, Candy.
I have to say welcome back.
Thank you.
And I have to say welcome.
After losing to Abby, this is going to be
a really intense week for me.
I have a whole new team,
I have a whole new everything.
I had a horrendous week.
We lost to the Abby Lee Dance Company,
and quite frankly,
I don't enjoy the feeling
that I get when I lose.
(SINGING) Hey boy, [inaudible].
In second place,
entry number 75, Be Strong.
[cheering and applause]
I'm more determined now
to take the country by storm.
You know, Candy Apple Town or nothing.
Having Cathy invite me here
and bring me here long time.
I think it took her
for a while to trust me
and to get to know who I am.
This lady has a lot of
wisdom, she picks up
where I left in certain areas sometimes,
and I think that's why
we have a great mold together.
I want to work with Cathy,
because I like a challenge,
and Cathy gives me a good challenge.
Me and Cathy are rebuilding this team
so we can be true contenders
and competitors to the Abby Lee
Dance Company and my perspective.
Boys, you've come back,
because you've danced with me
for a couple of weeks.
Girls, you're new, hand picked.
So I've definitely decided
to keep my three boys--
I've got Zack, Nick, and Jalen.
But I've also invited three new girls.
Hadley, you've got star quality,
and I'm so happy to have you here.
And you, I'm so happy to have you here.
Love your dress, by the way.
Thank you.
YVETTE: When Cathy called to invite Hadley
to her team, I was thrilled.
I think Cathy and I definitely
have the same goal--
we both want to beat Abby Lee Miller.
[music playing]
(SINGING) Don't turn
off your light tonight.
[cheering and applause]
YVETTE: Abby tried to break Hadley.
ANNOUNCER 1: Abby, I'm reading
your facial expression,
and you don't seem that happy.
Should I say roadkill?
[gasping]
She wants nothing more
than to go against Abby
and show her how much she has improved.
I think you're so positive,
and I love Anthony.
I think this is the best fit.
You have some fans.
[laughter]
CATHY: Campbell, you have
an amazing presence on stage.
ALLI: Campbell as a dancer has
always been a winner,
and people just fall in
love with her for her.
Not only her on stage,
but also her off stage.
I want Campbell to be
a part of Candy Apples,
because Cathy is looking
for her ultimate dream team,
and she wants to win.
Mari, you have amazing extensions,
and that's why you were invited.
Mari is a title winner, she has a mother
who's a dance teacher.
I want Mari to have the best possible
opportunities
in the industry, and I feel that Cathy
is a leader in the industry.
And if anybody is going to
get my little girl known
and can get doors open
for her, it's Cathy.
This is a big opportunity for all of you.
I don't know who's going
to have a solo this week,
I don't know who is going to
have some highlighting done
in the group dance,
I don't know any of that until Anthony
and I start to look at what you can do.
So not only am I going to be
looking for a good, solid team
to take this nation by storm--
not to mention Abby who's
as big as the nation--
somebody may go home.
It's not a contest.
For me, that is.
It could be a contest for all of you.
But I need to know that you
guys are going to defend me
come hell or high water.
Oops, come H-E double
hockey sticks or water.
Usually, I like to work
with uneven numbers.
You can always pull out that strong dancer
and highlight them, and then you're
symmetric on either side
with your remaining dancers.
So we definitely need
to cut the team down.
I'm more serious and more
determined now than ever.
You've got to let me know that
this right now is what you want
so bad, you can taste it,
and it is sweet like a candy apple.
I'm all about fun and
games, but I'm not Abby.
We will win, and we will be the best.
[music playing]
Well, that was intense.
That as so intense.
So spread out.
[music playing]
Some of this may be [inaudible]
just take a cross and you go,
from here, you go step, passé.
CATHY: The group dance this week is
about experiencing boyfriend,
girlfriend, first hand hold,
first kiss, first finding out
that you're attracted to someone
and have kind of deep feelings for them.
From there, just roll over.
And this is where I want to
see each of you individually.
How humiliating would it be
for your little girl or boy
to be the only one to be eliminated.
This is so nerve wracking
that we've come this far.
I put everything on hold back at home--
my businesses, my family.
I'm here for Mari.
I hope Mari's not the one going home.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Sure.
He's a hip hop dancer,
he spins on his head.
You know, he does a lot
more than spin on his head.
My daughter-- does pirouettes, right?
OK.
You could take somebody off the street
and teach them how to
do hip hop street dance.
That's like me saying you
can take any kid off the street
and teach them how to spin.
You can't.
GINA D: Jalen is obviously very talented,
but present time right now, Mari would
be the more versatile dancer.
If anybody is going to
be cut from this team,
it should be Jalen.
So you can take any kid off the street
and teach them how to do ballet then,
right?
No, you can't.
But you can take any kid off the street
and teach what my son does?
Yes, you can.
So there's no training in break dancing.
I can't talk to you, because
now you're fighting with me.
And it's like, I'm not saying that, OK?
- You're being defensive.
- This conversation is over.
- You are being really defensive.
- All right, good.
Let's figure it out.
Rick is a yeller.
I don't roll like that.
It's out of control.
I'm concerned, because we came to be
on a winning team and beat Abby.
I just think that some of the parents
need to keep their nose
in their own business.
No, he's crazy.
Gina-- Gina-- he comes from the streets.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I've decided that
it's time for the Abby Lee Dance Company
to expand, so I'm going to check out
some studio spaces
in the Los Angeles area.
I always wanted to be a Cali girl,
and Lord knows I don't want to die
in Pittsburgh.
This is our main dance floor,
you can come in here if you like.
Ooh.
We get a lot of kids in here,
especially during the summer.
You do?
I wanna check out the mirrors here.
I love how they go all
the way to the floor.
Yes.
I'm a big perfectionist
when it comes to feet.
Other than New York, Los Angeles
is the best market for dance.
I want to move to someplace sunnier,
nicer, a little more fun.
There's plenty of child stars
come to Los Angeles to make it.
Certainly they can use my training.
- Thank you very much, honey.
- Pleasure meeting you.
[music playing]
Good, and then you need to
get into your press, right?
I think you just need to roll
this way and get into it.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Even though
I'm away in LA,
I've given my faculty
my permission to teach my work.
So everybody better be at that studio
improving, working, training.
Try that.
[music playing]
Hey, what are we going to toast to?
Because Abby's in LA.
[squealing]
When is Abby coming back?
Oh, God, I don't know.
Here's to never coming back.
[music playing]
Amen.
Melissa, you downed It already.
She's all like, I don't drink that,
she's like [slurping noise].
It's such a relief to go
to dance and not have Abby
screaming at the kids.
It's actually been kind of nice
not having the big shadow
hanging over our heads
when we enter the studios.
[music playing]
How in God's good earth is
she going to make it in LA?
- They love her there.
- I don't know.
When I visit LA, I am obese.
And you said they love Abby there?
Believe it or not, there's a lot
of personalities like Abby in LA.
Drag queens?
So what does that leave
for the studio here?
Why would she just abandon this one
and just open up something
totally different--
Because she wants that to be successful,
and this will be gone.
Do you think that Cathy will keep coming
after us at future competitions?
Yes.
Cathy will not give up.
Cathy will enter herself
in the open solo category
and dance her own dance if it
means competing against us.
Cathy is like a cockroach.
It can survive a nuclear Holocaust,
and it's still crawling around.
Cathy will still be crawling
into dance competitions.
Well, I think Cathy's team is in shambles.
They are in shambles.
Maybe she's like recruiting more.
Something's going on.
I absolutely know we'll be seeing Cathy
again, because she can't leave us alone.
All right, cheers to an Abby free world.
- Cheers!
- Hallelujah!
[music playing]
[phone ringing]
Candy Apples Dance Center.
All right, guys.
I want to tell you a little bit
about the dance.
I got so many ideas going on,
and I'm thinking what I do
want to talk about
is experiencing our first kiss.
[music playing]
Any of you have
boyfriends and girlfriends?
- I do.
- You do?
- No, I don't.
- No boyfriends?
I have one.
So a kiss on the cheek?
Mom, you didn't hear anything.
Have you had first kiss yet?
I don't know.
Actually I had lips kind of slipped on--
[inaudible]
[giggling]
- Really? Really?
- Yeah, really.
Hey, listen, you guys.
Gina's not back yet, do you
think I should call her?
Do you have her number?
Yeah, I have her number.
[phone ringing]
Hey, Gina, it's Donna.
Hi. Good. We're all sitting here
wondering if you're--
What's happening?
Are you coming?
Yeah, well that's you know going
to put us behind the eight ball,
because you know, they've been rehearsing
all day already.
Does she pick up fast?
You know, do you think
she'll be able to learn this?
Five, six, seven, eight.
- Hey.
- How are you guys?
- We're OK.
So guys, I wanted to let you
know that the competition is
Dance USA, and it's in
Youngstown which is literally
like an hour from here.
This is my backyard.
I want to leave the calling card,
and I want Ohio to know that
you know this is the starting place
for this premier dance team.
OK, I have to have perfection,
I have to have amazing choreography
that I'm on board with.
I'm doing a mental head
count-- where is Mari?
I am still assessing this team.
We've only been together a day or so.
The fact that Mari is
not here and she's absent
really kind of proves to me
what her commitment is to this team.
How about if you guys just show me
with my counts what you
guys have been working on?
Five, six, seven, eight.
And one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
OK so, so far what I'm seeing
is brilliant on your part.
Go and rehearse what you've been
given so far,
Anthony and I will chat.
Kids get to go out.
I like what I saw Zack doing,
I like what I saw Hadley doing,
- Campbell is weak.
- Is a mess, she's weak.
She's the weak link.
Maybe we need to give her
a little bit more time.
So Mari isn't here,
Campbell isn't cutting it
as far as choreography,
competition days away.
This is not how I envisioned it to be.
I'm going to have to make
a couple of phone calls.
[phone ringing]
This is Cathy from Candy
Apple Dance Centre.
Oh hi.
[inaudible] was talking.
I don't want to even use your name,
that's why I keep saying her.
I got a name I want to call
you too that's not your own,
but I'm trying to be respectful.
I've met Black Patsy before,
and she's a lovely lady to me.
I know that her daughter, Nicaya,
is a good dancer.
Well, listen I'm actually down a dancer,
and I was wondering if your daughter was
interested in coming over to Candy Apples
to try and do a competition
this week for me.
I want to see what they
can add to my team.
I think that not only will
Nicaya step up and show me
that she's a strong dancer,
but I also think that Black Patsy
is going to come to bat for me.
[music playing]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, hey.
Sunflowers?
So I'm in my dressing room
getting into the makeup
and hair, it's a big long process,
and who walks in to surprise me but John.
Word on the street,
she's been doing competitions,
and you know that.
She can do whatever she wants,
just stay the hell away from me.
But you still have to strategize.
What if you went and had some of the moms
go watch a competition,
just to kind of check it out
just to see,
I mean, that's smart,
I mean, any business would do that.
You have to remember, you're a business.
Well, Joe would be the
only one, because she really
despises Cathy.
I found out that, you know,
the Wicked Witch of the West,
that evil dance teacher
that shouldn't even
be allowed to open, yes.
She is attending another
competition with her new team.
And he thinks that some
of my mom's should go spy.
So why not find out what she's up to?
Well, then give me the phone,
I'll call her.
[phone ringing]
- JILL (ON PHONE): Hello?
- Hey, Jill, it's John.
JILL (ON PHONE): Oh, hi John.
How are you?
I'm good, how are you?
And it's Abby Miller.
She's lying down.
Well, I should rephrase that,
but she is lying down.
[laughter]
We were just talking
about her friend, Cathy.
Go ahead, you tell her what you were--
A little digging, we just
need you to do a little digging.
[laughter]
[music playing]
ANTHONY BURRELL: Go.
You've got to go both legs.
One, two.
You got to put those feet together.
Once you turn, put your feet
together, then separate them.
Six, seven, see each other,
and then look, and look,
and a one two three.
Now up.
- Hey.
- CHILDREN: Hi, Cathy.
How are you guys this morning?
ANTHONY BURRELL: I'm cool.
I got Mari caught up a
little bit, because I--
Oh, Mari is here?
Mari, how are you feeling?
You're better?
Is she working hard?
ANTHONY BURRELL:
Yeah, she's working hard.
OK, listen guys.
I have made my decision on solos.
Oh, my God.
My first solo is going
to be given to Zack.
[applause]
Zack has a solo this week
which is phenomenal,
I am really excited about it.
I have every confidence
that he will not disappoint.
My second solo is going to go to Hadley.
[applause]
I'm ecstatic.
Anthony is an incredible choreographer,
he's an incredible instructor,
he's very passionate about dance.
My ultimate goal for this is
to take our own dream team
and beat Abby.
I feel bad for Nick.
I do, he works so hard, this kid.
I think that Nick has proved
to Cathy all these times
that we've been here.
He's so versatile
with all styles of dance.
And the other parents,
they need to pay their dues
before they get some solos
and some specialty parts.
Nick should be Cathy's leading man.
ANTHONY BURRELL: So
Had, you got two days.
We got to go hard.
So the music I got for you
is called "The Golden Couch."
It's about being a woman, being
glamorized, and being really elegant.
- OK.
- Cool?
[music playing]
[dance noises]
But go [dance noises].
I'm really excited that Cathy gave
me a solo, because now I get to show her
all of my skills that I can do.
And I want to show her that
I'm going to stay on this team.
Boom boom, boom boom, boom boom.
Step.
This way?
You got to give me give me two arms facing
this way before you tip over.
Hadley is an amazing dancer.
I think that she warrants a solo.
She has this effervescent glow about her.
She's like a golden girl.
- So good.
- CATHY: good. job, Hadley.
YVETTE: Hadley can learn
a lot from Anthony,
and the best quality that Anthony has
is that he has the quality
to pull so much from kids
versus Abby Lee Miller--
she doesn't care about
anything but winning.
And if it's even taking a kid down,
it doesn't matter to her.
And I know firsthand about
Abby Lee Miller taking kids down.
And sit down.
Abby, this performance is not roadkill.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Come on, Zack.
The title of the solo is
"Puppet," so it's going
to be a lot of fun for you.
The costume for this dance
is going to be incredible.
That costume is going to
transform Zack from a boy
to a puppet.
It's just something to make you
heavy, we just got to find ways
to make you heavy, yeah?
Zack is definitely in his element
when he does contemporary.
I just think that with Zack's ability
to get a story-line across,
that this could really
be a brilliant moment for Zack.
[dance noises]
I don't know if we have more at stake.
CATHY: It's always that
same everlasting goal
that we want to beat Abby.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Great job, though.
Good job.
I'll get you that song tonight.
And it's going to be like
that every competition.
Even when we start to develop
a history base of winning,
we're still always going
to have to be on our game.
Two, three, four, and five, six--
[music playing]
Hello.
CATHY: Hi.
Nice to see you.
[squealing]
Problems are just coming.
Oh, my God.
She's awful.
I didn't think that Cathy
would have selected Black Patsy
and Nicaya to be part of her team.
Black Patsy has a reputation
of being very vocal.
She's a fighter.
[shouting]
Shut your big month.
You shut up, bitch, I'm grown!
Shut up!
Who you talking to?
CATHY: You need to get her in,
we're working on choreography.
Get back here and understudy her.
Get back here and understudy here.
Please, learn everything that she's doing.
She's going to learn
the choreography now too?
So we're going to have
to go back, teach her.
Oh, hello, welcome.
Hi.
So what brings you over here to Canton?
We were called.
[dramatic music]
Now that Mari's feeling better,
why do we have to bring in
this other little dancer?
I don't know what to think of that.
[music playing]
CATHY: All right, guys,
in a straight line, please.
This is serious.
We are leaving tomorrow
to go to competition.
You guys have to have some passion.
I'm expecting people to be better.
Jalen and Campbell,
you know
that this is not your element,
and I need to cut somebody
from the group dance right now.
Campbell, I need to have you sit down,
you're cut from the group dance.
Wow.
CATHY: I want you to sit,
and I want you to learn.
You're off on everything.
I think that if you sit and
you watch and you learn,
that there might be hope.
I've made a decision
that I'm taking Campbell
out of the group dance.
I'm going to make her an understudy.
She's just not right for
the contemporary team.
[crying]
ALLI: I'm mortified that
Campbell's on this group dance.
She's an understudy, she's an understudy.
And she's kind of been
cast off to the side.
I don't like that,
I will not make it up to fail.
(SOBBING) Mom, it's over,
I don't want to--
It's only over if you believe that.
Can you please wipe the tears?
[music playing]
[cheering]
CATHY: Guys, let's get stretched out.
OK.
JILL: Abby's in LA, and she had asked me
to find out what Cathy's up to.
Who's on her team?
Where's she going?
What are the kids doing?
We've never done dance USA before.
So that's what we're here for is to
scout out some new competitions.
[interposing voices]
10-12, CAD Dancer, Candy Apples Dance.
- That's a name?
- No, no names.
[interposing voices]
So we'll have to go do some
sneaking around to investigate.
I have something in my eye.
- It's like glue.
- ZACK: I'm changed.
CATHY: OK.
The shorts are hideous.
You don't want to dance like that,
that's going to make you feel like a goof.
ZACK: They ride up like--
Yeah.
I'm calling the shots on this one,
he's like going out in those Speedos.
Thank you.
I don't put my dancers out on stage
if they're uncomfortable,
and it's going to hinder their dance.
Zack is not going out in those Speedos.
I'm not going to put somebody out there
and have them look like a fool.
Your choreography is in jeopardy.
ANTHONY BURRELL: This is a puppet.
CATHY: He looks dumb.
- This is a puppet.
CATHY: No.
- Yes.
Cathy and Gina are making
these crazy decisions.
You know, if Zack doesn't
wear those shorts,
I don't think he's going to do as well.
He's just showing his inner divaness.
All right, now you're crying.
I love your dance.
You're supposed to be emulating--
ZACK: I was feeling confident until now.
GINA: It's just heartbreaking to me,
because I know that he's feeling
so much pressure.
And I'm not going to let him
go out there uncomfortable.
[cheering]
Oh, much better.
You feeling better?
We're good.
Hey, you're good, you're good.
Hello.
We have unwelcome guests.
JILL: So what is going on here?
I see you got some new team members?
- ANTHONY BURRELL: Welcome, ladies.
- Thank you.
- Well aren't you just a nosy one?
- JILL: Yes, I am.
YVETTE: Abby Lee Miller got her spies out.
I'm loving it.
I feel like they're starting to squirm.
I know from experience,
this is a waste of your time.
[squealing]
They let he back in!
She got kicked out of
the last competition!
No, we walked away, we walked away.
No, they escorted you out.
They told us the police
are here just in case
you have a little issue.
We walk into the dressing room,
and there's a Black Patsy,
and she has this new look.
And she looks exactly like Holly--
has Holly's hairdo,
is dressed like Holly.
I'm thinking to myself,
are you trying to be Holly?
Because you'll never be
like Holly, Black Patsy.
No matter how hard you try, you'll just
never be like Darker Holly.
[cheering and applause]
Ugh.
Ew, I smell something.
So did you bring some competition numbers?
We're just here scouting out.
CATHY: So what are you scouting for?
We never did this competition, so we were
just coming to see what it's like.
Oh, right.
So this is their assignment that they've
been given to come scout
this competition out
which is nothing but a facade.
I think that that just proves
that Abby is threatened
by my team.
ANNOUNCER 2: Next up we're going
to go to contestant number 56
in our junior division,
10 to 12 age range.
Please welcome to stage,
contestant number 56,
Gold Couch.
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) [inaudible] once
blue, now painted green.
Gold, couch, used to trace
the clouds in the seams.
And I watched [inaudible].
I tried my best [inaudible].
[cheering and applause]
[inaudible] never, they seemed to me.
And I wish [inaudible] away.
[cheering and applause]
She is so in the moment,
she's so passionate,
she is telling the story of the piece
that Anthony choreographed for her.
It was amazing.
ANNOUNCER 2: Solo division,
please welcome to the stage
contestant number 35, "The Puppet."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) If all you sent me free--
[cheering and applause]
Make sure you can stand on [inaudible]
We can't keep [inaudible]
We'll always see your mistakes.
[cheering and applause]
JILL: Zack and Hadley
are beautiful dancers,
no one can take that away from them.
But remember, Cathy didn't
create those dancers.
She plucked them from
some other dance studio
and now is claiming them as hers.
I will take our little dancers
any day over Cathy's kids.
[phone ringing]
JILL (ON PHONE): Hello?
Hey, Jill, how are you doing?
JILL (ON PHONE): Oh, hey.
Hi, Abby.
Are you still out the competition?
I want to know every little detail, what
is the Wicked Witch of the West up to?
Jill, come on, spill the beans.
JILL (ON PHONE): You can't believe, Abby,
who she had with her.
She has Hadley.
Hadley?
You mean roadkill?
JILL (ON PHONE): And her mom.
Well, that mother is crazy.
JILL (ON PHONE): And
she had Nicaya and Kaya.
You owe me big time for coming here.
Cathy's a pain in my ass.
Jill go back to the competition
and watch, text me.
Give me a buzz if anything comes up.
JILL (ON PHONE): OK, all right.
Sound good. Be safe. See you soon.
Take care, you too, bye bye.
Even though I'm not at
my studio physically,
I'm there in spirit, and my curriculum
is being taught the way
I would present it.
Hopefully the kids are
working diligently,
fine tuning their technique.
No-- you're together,
shoot, it circles and goes up,
together, sit.
Really put it on your head.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I'm confident
Gianna's in rehearsal,
she can handle it.
I'm proud. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Hadley's growing, and she's shining.
She wants please you.
It's not about me.
She doesn't want you to yell at her.
Like she's trying to be
a perfectionist for you.
You're the reason why we were here.
Did you hear her?
I think it's a little
disheartening Yvette makes
it clear that she's here for Anthony.
I think if Anthony walked
out the door tomorrow,
Yvette would be trailing behind.
Why do you keep saying
you're here for Anthony?
If you're supposed to be
here for Cathy, why won't you--
why do you keep saying that?
We're team [inaudible]---- look at this.
I've got my Apple core on,
I'm Apple today.
She's only here for
you and not for the team.
Smarten up right now, OK.
The choreographer is
going to pick the dancers.
Well, that's why you're all up
his ass all day.
[music playing]
You're smiling, but behind our back
you're probably holding a knife.
- Wait, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- She is, yes, she is.
No.
I thought I was starting to like you.
You feel like when Hadley's
dancing, you're dancing.
You are living though your daughter.
- I'm not living through her.
- Yes, you are.
No, wrong.
No, the [inaudible] are coming.
- Quiet!
- Don't yell at me again!
What is all this bickering going on?
I hear nothing but chit chat
out in the hall.
I am wearing--
I'm a Candy Apple, look at this.
Whoa.
She just said she was here for Anthony.
She said it three times today,
she's not her for you.
Whoa.
Sit down and be quiet, because
nobody is going to let you win.
I'm out.
The only winning that we
need to be talking about
is either one of our soloists
or one of our groups.
This is Happyland.
These parents have got to know
that they're coming together
in support of Candy Apples,
and they better stop.
ANTHONY BURRELL: Come here, guys.
It's been a week of ups and downs, guys.
You guys have the talent, the passion,
and the courage to do this.
Go out there, and do what you love,
that's all you have to do.
Whoever's going to get cut
from the Candy Apples team
is going to be heartbroken.
And honestly, I don't know how
I'm going to make this decision.
I need you to be ready in that
wing if anything happens, OK?
[cheering and applause]
Let's go.
- Who are we?
- Apple Core!
Apple Core! Apple Core!
All right, guys.
[clapping]
[music playing]
ANNOUNCER 3: This is contestant number 76
in our 10 to 12 age group.
Please welcome to stage, "Wide Eyes."
I am concerned about the group number.
I'm hoping that Mari will prove herself
and maybe she'll earn a spot on that team.
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
Yeah!
[cheering and applause]
(SINGING) [inaudible]
the pace of modern day.
Would you believe me when I say I believe
in all you talk about,
and keep those open ears.
And never feel that
never-ending [inaudible].
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER 3: Contestant number 76.
KELLY: You know, I sat and watched
Hadley's team dance today,
and I really don't feel
like they're a threat to us.
You can pick your team,
but we're still better than you.
ANNOUNCER 4: Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to [inaudible].
[cheering and applause]
We're going to announce our high scores
in the solos at this time.
Fifth tie sore going to
"Suit and Tie Effect."
[cheering and applause]
Fourth high score,
"One Beautiful Evening."
[cheering and applause]
For third high score,
ladies and gentlemen,
put your hands together for "The Puppet."
[cheering and applause]
Yay, Zack!
ANTHONY BURRELL: Zack did an
amazing job, but I have to say,
I think he would place higher if he wore
the costume that I envisioned for him.
I think the judges would
have seen the vision.
ANNOUNCER 4: Team solo category,
third high score [inaudible]
"Let Me Be A Star."
[cheering and applause]
[inaudible]
Second highest score, ladies
and gentleman, "Gold Couch."
[cheering and applause]
CATHY: Hadley was second.
I'm not upset.
I know that Hadley is
a top overall winner.
And you know, there are
days that you take second.
ANNOUNCER 4: And in the
junior group category--
your second highest score in
the junior group category--
ladies, and gentlemen "The Prayer."
[cheering and applauding]
And without further ado, we're going
to have a drum roll
for your high score going to--
"Wide Eyes."
[cheering and applause]
CATHY: Top overall group.
Take that back to Pittsburgh,
and hand it over to Abby Lee.
ANNOUNCER 4: Wonderful job
today, keep up the great work.
Take a bow.
CATHY: All of the dancers are starting
to feel like my little Apples,
so I'm not sure.
Before I kick anybody off the team,
I need to talk to Vivi about it.
[music playing]
GIANNA: Wait, it goes--
hit, hit, down, up, chainé, chainé.
Go again.
You guys don't look exactly
the same on the part--
this part?
You guys don't look exactly
the same, and you need to.
Do it again.
ABBY LEE MILLER: I want to
call Gianna back in Pittsburgh,
because I want to find out just
who's been in class and who hasn't.
Because some of their moms
think that when Abby's away,
the mouse can play.
And I'm sorry,
but that's not the way it is.
[ringing]
- GIANNA (ON PHONE): Hello?
- Hey, Gianna. How are you doing?
GIANNA (ON PHONE): Hi, Abby.
Good, how are you?
I'm good, does everybody miss me?
GIANNA (ON PHONE): I miss you.
I found some space.
John and I have been looking.
GIANNA (ON PHONE): Oh really?
Yeah, believe it or not, we
might end up in Beverly Hills.
So I sent Jill and some
of the moms
to kind of spy on Cathy and her kids.
So I'm not sure what our
first competition back is,
but if we end up competing against them,
those girls better be in tip top shape.
GIANNA (ON PHONE): They will be.
All right, listen,
I got to go catch some rays.
Gotta run.
GIANNA (ON PHONE): [inaudible]
All right, bye, I'll see you soon.
[music playing]
Ooh, [inaudible].
Why are they following us?
[squealing]
Vivi, you didn't dance today?
No, how come?
OK.
Why do you worry about what Vivi is doing?
I'm asking Vivi a question.
CATHY: You don't need to ask
her why she's not dancing.
Why?
I think that Jill, Kelly, and Holly
you're just a bunch of damn stalkers.
Why would you be at a competition
if your kids are not performing?
I noticed you had four girls,
but only three danced.
Well, there were four
girls sitting on stage.
Would you let her talk
instead of running your mouth?
- Where are your kids?
- They're on vacation.
Well, you know what?
Put your mouth on vacation.
[dramatic music]
[laughter]
- Shut up.
- Who said shut up?
How old are you?
You said my daughter sucked, remember?
That little girl cannot dance,
your daughter cannot dance.
Well, you know what's funny?
We said the same thing
about your little girl.
[interposing voices]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Next on "Dance Moms."
Maddie's doing a solo at Abby's
Ultimate Dance Competition.
You want to go to dinner tonight,
you better get it together.
Jalen's going to go against Mari.
Jalen will beat Mari hands down.
You can't find your legs.
Plié.
[music playing]
ANNOUNCER 5: "Dance Moms," Maddie
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You have called me a joke,
you think about it.
Cathy.
CATHY: Oh, my gosh, are you crying?
Ideally, I want a team of five.
You can do the math.